sometimes we can find an easter egg in a
game only to come back to it define that
was completely removed either because of
censorship it simply wasn't meant to be
found or even because of other much more
mysterious reasons today we're diving
into five discovered Easter eggs that
curiously ended up removed and
disappearing never to see the light of
day brought to you by - lain battlefield
although mysteriously removed Easter
eggs are fairly uncommon occurrence and
especially baffling case went down just
last month in battlefield 5 after a wild
discovery was found by youtuber Danny on
PC with the help of several of Danny's
friends they found four mysterious
plates atop for random ruins on the
game's practice range by getting all
four friends to stand on all of the
plates at the same time they triggered
an ominous noise with no linking as to
what it was at all
after a brief moment of confusion one of
Danny's friends noticed a hammer prompt
on top of one of the towers and had this
totally appropriate reaction accepted
what did you do
Jones accepted at this point the easter
egg only became more and more bizarre as
in true fortnight fashion the players
began to build a series of staircases
into the sky in seemingly random
directions before realizing they had
uncovered a complicated maze puzzle
towards the heavens that increased in
several phases of difficulty the further
that they proceeded to climb along the
way if you can imagine things became
even more strange and intense as random
minds would suddenly appear and
disappear off schools would have to be
blown out of the way and even aircraft
came flying out of the sky to take down
players eventually they figured out that
some players could focus on taking out
the planes while others focused on
building and navigating the staircase
puzzle further and to make things even
more excruciating the stairs would
slowly deteriorate over time behind the
player meaning if they ran into a dead
end they basically had to start all over
along the way they came across a number
of puzzling discoveries including a pair
of headphones not particularly high in
the air which they found would randomly
generate more
but usually only as a single letter
digit which didn't seem to mean anything
to anyone
players continue to climb upward and
onwards uncovering more and more that
the perplexing Easter egg had to offer
eventually with some players getting
thousands of meters in the sky
striving to finally reach the puzzles
ultimate goal in the heavens until
finally a patch was released in the
Easter Egg was completely removed and
has not been seen since a few days after
Danny on PC reported that dice had
apparently never meant the egg to be
found in the first place that its
appearance was apparently the result of
a bug okay and evidently the staircase
Easter Egg wasn't actually complete and
wasn't intended to be found the way that
Danny uncovered the larger speculation
however is that dice was apparently
dissatisfied at how quickly players were
solving the egg and quickly patched it
out before players uncovered the
staircases final secret weeks later
players found that they were to destroy
a random wall on the map all the missing
plates to be found floating inside
making things more confusing as if it
was just an attempt to remove the panels
from the map why weren't they placed
under the map or in a location that
wouldn't be readily accessible or seen
players are still wondering what light
at the top of the mysterious staircases
in the sky as well as whether or not if
the Easter egg ever actually returned to
the game as for all we know the Easter
Egg has been placed back in the game
somewhere left to be found just with
harder to find conditions than ever
before whether or not we'll actually
find that Easter Egg now or ever know
what the staircase truly had in store
for players to find is a mystery still
left to the sky power unite previously
you may recall a recent mystery I
discussed in the steam massive
multiplayer game tower unite and my
video strangest areas never meant to be
found part two where players found a
mysterious tunnel floating out of bounds
underneath the game's Lobby before it
was later patched out and moved to a
harder to reach location well it turns
out this hasn't been the only instance
of something weird as hell showing up
out of bounds in Tower unite as a much
earier far more horrifying discovery was
made on the game's original server back
when the game was still called GM tower
I learned about this highly confusing
mystery when the simple potato submitted
this video to me through my website odd
hat
calm in the mysterious footage uploaded
by a youtuber named Greg in 2015
Craig managed to use a glitch to clip
through the wall and out of bounds where
he found a mysterious and completely
random bulletin board sitting in this
normally inaccessible spot after
apparently activating the board the game
appears to teleport Craig to this
unbelievably creepy environment
according to Craig he was using fraps at
the time to capture the footage which I
can attest to as I'm sure many others
can fraps was crap which may explain why
the software happened to crash on him
just as he was catching whatever
mysterious figure lies around this
corner and after looking at it for some
time I still have no idea what the hell
that is when Craig uploaded the video
players found that Craig's glitch did
work but could not find the bulletin
board leading many to believe that
discovery was a hoax which prompted Greg
to disable comments on his video after
being harassed about the validity of the
discovery however what makes matters
significantly more eerie in all of this
is that after word got out about the
mysteriously vanished bulletin board on
the game's forums a number of players
came forward saying that the bulletin
board did indeed exist reportedly only
in Lobby two's first two days with some
players even going as far as providing
screenshot evidence of the bulletin
board and the same exact out of bounds
spine which was viewable by any player
who got high enough in the air given
that a bulletin board has been confirmed
to have once exist in this out-of-bounds
location in the game players are still
confused why the bulletin board was
removed and if it really had such a
horrifying outcome when activated with
many suspicious why somebody would fake
something with such meticulous effort to
no pay off one possible explanation I
got from my friend doom dude for my
discord is that it may have been a
cancelled alternate reality game that
would have led players off of the game
and into the real world searching for
related clues is it possible this was
originally an easter egg or an alternate
reality game that was cut after the
developers realized it was too dark for
tower's world is the mysterious out of
bounds tunnel entire unite somehow
connected to the vanishing bulletin
board and will we ever see a return of
the incredibly dark environment that
Craig once found himself in one thing's
for sure there's some pretty weird stuff
going on here
for a game where you primarily play
putt-putt with your friends resistance
fall of man there's a few things about
this one I personally don't understand
thanks to a few commentary such as lane
phase John Oliver and Jose Merritt I was
told of an out-of-bounds mystery in the
original resistance fall of man
apparently if you were to get out of
Somerset and Traverse an enormous route
along the background the environment you
could find a random teddy bear sitting
outside the map which unfortunately I
only have this shoddy footage of more on
that in a second what made this teddy
bear particularly confounding discovery
at the time is that when insomniac was
asked about this by Shack news.com they
appeared to be legitimately at a loss at
how the teddy bear got there with
insomniacs chief brand officer Ryan
Snyder stating I personally have no idea
how that teddy bear got there
I really don't further explaining the
insomniac spent an enormous amount of
energy and resources to discourage
cheating and breaking out of bounds in
their games even proposing that they
were the first to ever develop an online
anti cheat system for console so we
certainly wouldn't expect anyone to
incentivize getting out of bounds and
counteracting all their hard work with
something so pointless
the crazy thing for me is when I went to
find the teddy bear for myself for a
cleaner capture the teddy bear was
completely gone I realized I had bought
The Greatest Hits version and thought
maybe it had been patched from later
copies nope even after getting the
original version it was still missing I
tried starting the game with internet
off so nothing would patch in nothing
they even reformatted the whole system
still nothing no idea how insomniac got
rid of this thing so well my only guess
is that there was a security exploit
involving this game that made Sony
introduce a firmware update into the ps3
at a certain point it makes me think
insomniac could have been involved with
that update and maybe they went ahead
and annihilated the bear as well BAM
they really hated that guy Tekken 3
players diving through the files on the
arcade version of Tekken 3 found assets
relating to a character called Saki
which one hacked in the game would
appear as Yasha Amisha with Jin's
moveset while the removed character was
a mystery for a long time when
questioned about this in an interview by
retro gamer game producer Ken Suri Rohan
we revealed originally cumin was
planning to have a giant salmon as a
weapon and that Saki was originally said
fish as a secret character in the game
who would only flop on the ground no
matter what button the player pressed
when played as the reason it was removed
was because it was dumb as the
developers quickly realized as an arcade
game if anybody paid any money and ended
up having to play as a fish that
literally just flopped on the ground
they'd likely be pissed needless to say
I think they made the right call on that
one devotion in probably the most
unusual example of the year us players
were confused how the seemingly solid
first person horror gained devotion was
suddenly met with an overwhelming influx
of angry reviews days after release
turned out it was because this random
scrawl on the wall in the game actually
hidden easter a message in Chinese and
Taiwanese characters apparently calling
current Chinese President Xi Jingping
winnie-the-pooh as well as calling his
mother a [__] out the window poo
referenced originates from these mostly
light-hearted means comparing China's
president to Winnie the Pooh in similar
stature which President Xi apparently
found so unfunny that he banned the
recent Winnie the Pooh movie from
Chinese cinemas and press photos for
Kingdom Hearts 3 had to appear like this
in Chinese media taiwanese developer red
candle games claim that the easter egg
was actually a mistaken placeholder art
asset from an unfinished part of the
game that got left in the final build it
seems to be a common theme on this
channel in response they quickly pinched
the offensive scroll out with a generic
Happy New Year's message however many
Chinese players weren't buying it as
Dana Myers who scoured through the game
found many additional Chinese mocking
messages such as the fact that the
game's cult was referenced in the files
as China and the cults leader was
referenced in the files as the People's
Republic of China
yeah there's no getting around that one
six days after devotions released on
February 25th red candle games removed
the game from steam to assure that no
other hidden messages still remained in
the game then just last month in July
red candle announced that they had no
plans to re-release devotion in the near
term but would reconsider e release and
if the public would be willing to view
this game rationally and while it seems
completely ridiculous that so many
Chinese players of
come to the defense of their president
looking like Winnie the Pooh some
players have pointed out that steam
never gained official approval to
operate in China even though it already
has over 30 million users which meant
that many Chinese players likely saw red
candles Winnie the Pooh Easter egg as
beating a potential government threat to
China's team access all together which
would have actually been quite a heavy
price for China to pay for such a little
easter egg which we all know wouldn't
have been pretty but in my personal
opinion I think Xi Jingping might have
to grow a pair and learn how to take a
joke I mean dude let's be honest if you
do kind of look like Wayne
thanks again to dashlane for making this
episode possible just as none of these
developers ever wanted these Easter eggs
to be found you may be just a concern of
your own sensitive materials being
discovered and leaked out into the world
don't forget that half-life 2's beta
infamously leaked to the public a year
before release just because somebody
managed to crack gabe newell's password
and there were some pretty awkward
discoveries made with that which may be
why you'll want to save yourself from
the same embarrassment with the extra
level of security that dashlane provides
- laying can be your one-stop shop for
your digital identity by managing all
your passwords so that you don't have to
keep track of each one - line works
across all devices including Apple
products PCs Android Safari and chrome -
Lee and also has a secure autofill
feature that works for personal
information and credit cards saving you
when shopping online a VPN to prevent
prying eyes from tracking and help you
access content anywhere plus dark web
monitoring to see if your information is
being bought and sold illegally - give
it a try for free go to - Ling comm
slash odd header and use my promo code
odd header to get 10% off if you want to
upgrade to premium if you want to see
more content like this please subscribe
if you know of any other Easter eggs
that mysteriously disappeared from a
video game after it was found let me
know in the comments down below
come join the discord follow me on
reddit or submit to odd header com show
note to acryl gamer Mexicano
alexander night dame du veil Daniel
Lopez dead plastic DJ boom bringer down
with systemd
emery I fart in elevators Jade a nest
dude Nick pestilence sleeper Riley s
renegade select Spencer tower Iser
and Wade Murdock for their patreon
support stay tuned
you